this is a painful difficult keep it in
no edits this is a peaceful this is a
painfully difficult video for me to make
and I'm gonna try to make it painful the
brief okay uh Mexi is a communist okay I
saw a comment and I posted on Twitter
and I posted on patreon and I can try to
somehow post it or post a link to it for
me or something
look um I don't have a whole lot to say
about this the first time I made a video
about Cory McCarthy now his girlfriend
also her wife they both are now YouTube
personalities saying coy McCarthy really
is a racist not in a trivial sense not
in a shallow sense it's not that he got
drunk and was angry at his ex-girlfriend
because his ex-girlfriend was sleeping
with a black guy I mean that's an actual
example something happened on YouTube
didn't happen to me but you know that
there are situations where people say
something under assertiveness no in a
really important sense in a political
sense these people are racists they're
advocating racism in an intentional
political way I wanted to address this
but know how to say that was raining
that caused the whole storm of
controversy I can I can be almost
certain that this video is gonna happen
there won't even be a blip nobody's
gonna care right but it's funny they
have something really important in
common um Mexi on her channel I think I
can say she really does kind of lie and
misrepresent what our political position
is and if you're not ashamed of your
political position why do you
misrepresent in this way why is there
such a big gulf and this is not an old
comment the comment is stamped as one
month ago so you know it's an
approximate time with YouTube Cory
McCarthy in response to my first
criticism it the first time I pointed
out that he and his girlfriend were
really preaching racism really the vile
politics of you know their river against
so-called miscegenation they're against
intermarriage between the races they
want to exile everyone who's non-white
from North America from Canada
States and it's it's real racism it says
not this is not just that your
grandfather is a bit of an [ __ ]
or something you know it's not somebody
who's drunk and matador there's nothing
like that you know this is real
you know racism the needs needs to be
addressed as such okay um
their response to my just pointing it
out in the first view really the first
view all I do is quote them and point it
out and that's it you know they deleted
a whole ton of their their past videos
they covered it up and he made a video
on his own channel lying about it and
covering up and denying it and then like
a couple days later he deleted that for
you you know now you know in some ways
to speed us it was not but I see this
comment from Mexi in which she's openly
identifying herself as a Marxist
Leninist which is one school of thought
within communism as a communist
Marcellinus and she's identifying
herself with another YouTube or an in
agreement with him in support of another
youtuber you know who will link who
supports evidently on his channel the
most violent forms of communists in the
distant world today including currently
armed Maoist groups groups that have be
considered terrorists by any reasonable
definition of the word terrorism groups
that are out in the field murdering
landlords and murdering police officers
you can look up the different groups and
he's promoting them on his channel with
videotape of these people with the you
know balaclavas on and the red what's
the word that when red masks and
carrying assault rifles and the whole
bit you'd hope there's no there's
nothing subtle about it now it is it is
worth asking what is the difference
between say a neo-nazi hate group that
did this or a Muslim extremist a group
that did this and when it's a left-wing
communist extremist group that does this
there are things in common when I look
at mexi's channel so not this comment
which you missed not her comments on
this more extreme channel when I look at
mexi's main channel and then I look at
Tara McCarthy's
a lot of makeup there's a lot of work in
the presentation there Matt if you got
you seen Tara's channel maybe you've
never spares the term McCarthy also I've
got to say the aesthetics I saw office I
could bring every now the aesthetics are
really similar maxius is putting a lot
of effort into looking like a kind of
respectable bourgeois talk-show host
and that's exactly what Tara McCarthy
does also and then beneath that veneer
are a set of you know political beliefs
that you know I feel nobody should
respect and nobody nobody should take
seriously now look this video is under
five minutes I feel like hitting the
stop button now I don't have a lot to
say just like the first time I pointed
the finger at Cory McCarthy said look
this is real racism take it seriously
all I want to do here is point the
finger and say look don't believe this
veneer that that Mexi is presenting you
with the same way you shouldn't banette
believe the veneer from Terrell McCarthy
this is real communism this is real
communist extremists and this is really
linked to endorsement of not only the
worst atrocities from the violent past
of communism but the worst kind of
atrocities in the present and future
which are of course on a much smaller
scale it's going to be very hard for
communists in the present to outdo
Joseph Stalin or even Lenin or any of
the or Mao Zedong or whatever you know I
mean this is a pretty high watermark for
them to live up to if they're gonna
outdo the the atrocities of other
communist in the past but nevertheless
as I say you can see for yourself the
videos these people actually endorsing
armed uprising terrorist groups you know
etc it's no joke um I got some some fan
mail this morning that's you know
tantamount to hate mail but this this
fan of mine was demanding to know why I
don't criticize vegan gains more was it
was I specific oh yeah just about his
kids living such a relaxed life like a
life with no ambition like you know he
says oh well you you criticize these
other people for being on primitive
vacation I criticize me he needs a lot
I have criticized vegan gains about his
dog and his diet and they may like
a playlist of videos movie and he
tolerates it his girlfriend doesn't his
girlfriend there was one video which I
directly called vegan gains an idiot and
and forgot his girlfriend's name now but
she said that's it Jasmine I crossed the
line with jasmine we'll never speak to
me again
Richard still speaks to me he tolerates
me so shout out to Richard for telling
me but it's like I have criticized vegan
means so much on so many issues and for
me the most important one the one I
criticized him vote first and that I
still do today comes up mostly on live
stream is you know I really do not
endorse vegan gains threatening to kill
people and I don't endorse him having
guns on camera I absolutely do not
there's no compromise there for me I
think that's totally unacceptable I said
that a million years ago on this channel
and I've said it recently when I did
that interview with vegan Called Quest's
it came up and so on I said look I'm not
I'm not cool with this I'm really not
okay but to me it was just mind like I
can't criticize an infinite number of
topics infinitely I can't even criticize
everything vegan game says it does and
nor do I want to criticize people you
have a point and a lot of those
criticisms wouldn't have a point if you
you know if you if you went into
definite in a video you see you see how
biased years I feel I have a point I've
got to tell you I have a point nobody if
you ask me why do I have so many videos
criticizing a natural vegan as an
example well one I really sincerely
disagree with here or two I think I
really have a point three I actually
think the points I'm exploring or
instructive for the audience by contrast
you know a guy like Ted car I have a
couple videos criticizing him they're
hilarious they're highly entertaining
but you know I I'm not gonna have a
weekly update I'm not gonna come out
here in it you know okay so look I mean
communism has been a huge part of my
life I can give a link to it below this
video again walking keeping all the way
real an essay that brought us together
as a couple I wrote it as saying she
read it before we got together as a
couple and it's really part of the
romantic turning point of our falling in
love and so on frankly she read this
essay that I will link you below this
video and if you think it's a romantic
essay this will turn your blood cold
this will give you nightmares
this is an essay that describes what
happened
in one small town or one small city I
suppose in eastern Russia when the
Communists took it over
it describes the slaughter it describes
the surreal internet' scene in fighting
it's the full human tragedy on a small
scale of what happened to this town and
of course the the main people the
Communists are slaughtering our other
communists disagree with them but
there's everything there's ethnic
cleansing there's rape again an
unbelievable scale formally organized
gang rape and so on the you know
piratical looting and anti-semitism all
the evils of communism in microcosm in
this one town along with the absurdities
of propaganda they took over the the
they took over the local I was gonna say
movie theater but wasn't there was a
live Playhouse right they took over the
theater and started live performances of
communist propaganda they took over the
newspaper offices they started
publishing their own newspaper
you know this microcosm and then in the
end they completely destroy the town
hashtag spoilers it ends in an even
bigger massacre right window this but
you know communists use these words like
class warfare I you know what we heard
that joke the other day from Jimmy Dore
you know the problem here the problem
here isn't the marketing problem the
problem isn't that they have the best
tasting candy bar in the world but
happened to name it cancer showed it to
Jimmy Dore that's I'm stealing his
material there
the problem with class war isn't that
the name makes it sound great I don't
know how people overlook the central
tenets of Marxist Leninist communism
which endorsed violence which endorsed
mass murder which claim as Mark said
himself all historical progress only
comes through violence etc etc etc this
is the the the core materialist
dialectics class warfare
you've got to read some real historical
examples of what that means in practice
you can look at my essay from nineteen
twenty or just now to let tonight by
coincidence we were looking at videos
from today from 2017 in India where the
Naxalites the Naxalites also known as
the Maoist wing of the Communist Party
of India are still hunting the
and murdering police officers are still
carrying out face-to-face raids murders
extortion of the worst kind I mean it's
in some ways it is worse than terrorism
what they're doing
I know it's bizarre to say that but the
word terrorism doesn't really quite
describe what goes on in people's war in
class struggle we talked about going
from door to door in a neighborhood and
killing the people you consider
bourgeois oh you can take a look at how
how Lenin defined who was bourgeois who
wasn't when they were going from town to
town you know murdering people in the
Russian Revolution and the Russian Civil
War and here's their it's it's
heartbreaking stuff but look guys that's
all I had to say in this video
Maxie is a communist with a capital C
and if that's what she believes you know
I feel that she's misleading her
audience about it I think that a lot of
people are supporting her channel some
of whom I know within the vegan movement
probably don't realize what is they're
supporting and in the same simple sense
that when I happen to stumble on the
extent to which Corey McCarthy is really
an extreme racist
I said look guys here's a heads up a lot
of people wrote in to me saying hey
thank you I had no idea there were
people who supported them just they
thought of them as a health and fitness
channel didn't know anything about his
political beliefs or Rachel please I
feel like why is that I have to make
this video to call out mexi you know
there are two unique situations but for
me from my perspective in that one sense
they are comparable guys communism is
not a joke
most people who actually go out in the
field whether anthropologically energy
mana tear in that sense try to work with
neo-nazis in the United States they
normally end up feeling a lot of pity
for the neo-nazis a lot of them are kind
of poor white people have been in and
out of jail and you know while they were
in jail they joined a gang and you know
one thing led to another you know
there's a real sense in which the word
pathetic is attached to two neo-nazis
and I've got to say right now I'm living
in a communist country I used to live in
Laos another communist country I've
studied communist my whole life I've got
to say I can't even make that excuse for
the communist I don't see any pathos in
what they're doing and what
they're espousing I can't even say that
they are pathetic
it may seem sometimes like communism is
a is a joke but again you can just
google the next sites in India you can
see that in some ways the threat is
still real the body count is still real
this is a violent this is an explicitly
violent and dangerous ideology and at
the same time that they are arguing they
just did a podcast Mexi and privilege
vegan they just made a podcast that
everyone on the left-wing should become
vegan I think I can say on the contrary
if veganism is opposed to violence of
exactly this kind then it would be to be
pretty easy for veganism to be defined
in a way for forming an actual vegan
movement natural vegan party in a way
that would exclude communists for all
the same reasons that you would exclude
neo-nazis and more